docs: Improving docs for custom scripts (#217)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-monitor: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/scripts.adoc

        except json.JSONDecodeError as e:
            print(f"Invalid JSON input: {e}", flush=True)
            return False

        # Extract block_number
        block_number = None
        if "EVM" in monitor_match:
            hex_block = monitor_match['EVM']['transaction'].get('blockNumber')
            if hex_block:
                # Convert hex string to integer
                block_number = int(hex_block, 16)

        if block_number is None:
            print("Block number is None")
            return False

        result = block_number % 2 == 0
        print(f"Block number {block_number} is {'even' if result else 'odd'}", flush=True)
        return result

    except Exception as e:
        print(f"Error processing input: {e}", flush=True)
        return False

if __name__ == "__main__":
    result = main()
    # Print the final boolean result
    print(str(result).lower(), flush=True)

----

This examples script filters EVM transactions based on their block number:

* Returns `true` (filter out) for transactions in even-numbered blocks
* Returns `false` (allow) for transactions in odd-numbered blocks
* Accepts a `--verbose` flag for detailed logging

> * For more details about filters and scripts, see the sample implementations in the `examples/config/filters` directory

Reviewer: Let's add a link to the repo here

> * For more details about filters and scripts, see the sample implementations https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-monitor/tree/main/examples/config/filters[here]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Explore other examples in the link:https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-monitor/tree/main/examples/config/filters[`examples/config/filters` directory].
```

        }

        // Validate monitor match data
        if (!monitorMatch) {
            console.log("No monitor match data provided");
            return;
        }
    });
} catch (e) {
    console.log(`Error processing input: ${e}`);
}

----

=== Example Notification Script (Python)

[source,bash]
----
#!/bin/bash

import sys
import json

def main():
    try:
        # Read input from stdin
        input_data = sys.stdin.read()
        if not input_data:
            print("No input JSON provided", flush=True)

        # Parse input JSON
        try:
            data = json.loads(input_data)
            monitor_match = data['monitor_match']
            args = data['args']
            if args:
                print(f"Args: {args}")
        except json.JSONDecodeError as e:
            print(f"Invalid JSON input: {e}", flush=True)

    except Exception as e:
        print(f"Error processing input: {e}", flush=True)

if __name__ == "__main__":
    main()

----

This examples demonstrates how to:

* Process the input JSON data
* Handle verbose mode for debugging
* Return error messages via `stderr`
* Set appropriate exit codes

> * For more details about scripts, see the sample implementations https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-monitor/tree/main/examples/config/triggers/scripts[here]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Explore other examples in the link:https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-monitor/tree/main/examples/config/triggers/scripts[`examples/config/triggers/scripts` directory].
```
